# Report

Everyone needs a warm place to sleep and rest. Unfortunately, not everyone has a home to feel safe. And some people even blame them for being homeless. But that’s not all, not having a home can make people likely to use drugs and be sick, which can cause missed school and job chances. And without school, it can be harder for people to make good decisions and get good jobs, which can lead to generational poverty. Luckily governments, businesses, and even people like me and you are helping out every day to end poverty.

Did you know that there is also a lot of homelessness in kids like you? An astronomical 1.6 million kids are homeless just in the United States, that’s 1 in every 45 kids. And almost as astonishing is that 16 million kids are in poverty. Closer to home, the percentage of homeless children in Vermont that have been fed has almost doubled from 2023 to 2024. And without enough money to live on, kids sometimes can’t go to school because they have to work to earn money. Now you know why homelessness isn’t just bad for adults, it’s also bad for kids.

Homelessness is a problem, and now you know why. And it can hurt anyone, from toddlers to grandparents. And every single one has suffered some kind of loss. Kids can’t go to school, parents can have disorders, and grandparents have less healthcare. And yes, it hurts everyone, but it always seems to focus on specific people, because of their race, gender, nationality, wealth, or even their disabilities. And that’s not chance, that is because of people, people that try to make it harder for other people to survive in this world. So if you really want a way to help, then don’t care what disabilities or differences someone might have, don’t think of homelessness as a crime. If someone is struggling to get a house in this world, you should do whatever you can to help them. You may think you need your money and other people's support, but they need it more.
